[grunt]
Here I go, Masao!
[ann]
And here come
the twins brothers
once more.
-Prepare yourselves for
-the Skylab Hurricane!
-[laughs]
-We now have ensured
our victory.
[yells]
[screams]
[ann]
But what's this?
The twin brothers
collapse on the ground.
They weren't able to
complete their special shot.
I think I have
a muscle cramp.
-I got one too.
-[groan]
[ann]
The tension was too much
for their legs to bear.
We were quite lucky
this time.
Exactly. it's just like
Tsubasa said.
They can't use
that technique all the time
-without getting injured.
-[cheering]
-[ann] And there he is,
-Huh?
ladies and gentlemen,
Nankatsu's
very own captain,
Tsubasa Ozora,
finally returns
to the field.
Yeah, come on!
Tsubasa, don't you dare
disappoint me.
Tsubasa...
How does your shoulder feel?
It's better.
Thank you.
Please forgive us.
We let them tie
the scoreboard.
No worries.
There's plenty of time
for a comeback.
This time,
we'll be attacking
and score the goal
to finally win the match.
-Yeah!
We'll have to wait until
our legs regain
their strength.
Yeah. We'll only be able to
rely on Skylab Hurricane
one last time, Brother.
Tsubasa!
It's all yours!
I should avoid making
any physical contact.
But they're covering
Hajime and Teppei as well.
I don't have another option.
Well, that means,
there's one thing
left to do.
What in the--?
[reac]
[yell]
I must use...
my Drive Shot!
[ann]
Tsubasa winds up
to shoot a long distance
shot to the opponent's goal.
Listen,
get the camera ready.
He's about to shoot
the Drive Shot.
[grunt]
Do it, Tsubasa.
Shoot your Drive Shot!
I know that you can
pull it off.
Tsubasa!
Here I go!
[grunt]
We are...
gonna win!
[narr]
Episode 39:
Nankatsu versus Hanawa
Conclusion!
We are going to win!
[ann] Tsubasa channels
all of his energy
into his kick.
The ball travels
above the defense
and the players
- stare in awe!
-[gasp]
- How incredible!
-[gasps]
-[grunt]
-[hawk screech]
[ann]
The Drive Shot's spin
is making the ball
descend like a vicious eagle
about to catch its prey.
-[gasps]
-[ann] Tsubasa had
previously attempted
this shot
against Team Azuma-ichi.
-[gasp]
-[ann] The goalie
can't move.
[gasp]
[ann]
And the ball hits
- the goal post.
-Aww...
No goal here.
What was that?
That really sucks.
I thought it'd go in.
[ann] And Hanawa gets
a goal kick.
[growl]
It looks like I'm still...
not able to control it.
That almost gave me
a heart attack.
He's improved his shot
since last time.
We have to be careful
from now on.
[grunt]
It was a good try,
Tsubasa.
Thank you.
[groan]
No...
All that strength
made my shoulder...
[Nozaki] Last time,
it went over the crossbar.
Now it hit the goalpost.
There's no doubt that
he's taming it.
The moment he shoots,
he leaned slightly left
because of his shoulder pain
and that affected
the ball's trajectory.
Had it not been for that,
I'm sure he would've scored.
So Tsubasa is really trying
to master the Drive Shot.
[ann] Tsubasa's
Drive Shot
yields no results,
and the scoreboard
is still tied.
There's still
five minutes left
before the match between
Nankatsu and Hanawa is over.
Everything indicates
that Hanawa
will attempt to defend
and stall for time
to prevent Nankatsu
from scoring another goal.
Therefore,
going into penalties.
No one knows how this
frenzied match will end.
[Tsubasa]
What do I do?
There're less than
five minutes left.
We can't attack...
I have to score before
the twins recover.
I have to ignore
my shoulder pain
and attempt the Drive Shot
once again.
Or we will not
win the match.
No...
I'm too in my head.
I have to act now.
[Kazuo]
Five minutes.
Time has come.
Mhm.
[grunts]
-[grunt]
-[gasp]
[ann] The twins switch
from defense
and steal the ball
to counterattack.
Everyone, pay attention.
They've got
their strength back.
[ann] The Tachibana Twins
come into play.
Will they
attempt to shoot
the Skylab Hurricane
to score a goal?
Looks like they got
their energy back.
We have to back up
their attack.
[ann] And now all of
Team Hanawa
is switching to offense.
Quickly, we have to go back!
They're making their way
into the goalie's box.
When they're there,
give the ball to Daimaru,
-so he can pass it.
-[panting]
Yuichiro!
[grunt]
Shingo, we have to
get closer.
It's the only way to counter
their Skylab Hurricane.
Yeah!
We have to prevent them
from scoring.
[grunt]
Yuichiro!
Here it goes!
[ann] Daimaru shoots
a long crossover pass!
-[growl]
-Don't tell me it's the same
pass as before.
Let's do it, Brother!
Are you ready?
Of course. This will be
the very last...
-Skylab Hurricane!
I won't allow you
to score, Twins!
[grunt]
[yell]
No!
[ann] Both captains
take off
like projectiles
for the ball.
Tsubasa!
[grunt]
[ann] Tsubasa's
take off was weak
and starts falling
to the ground.
Oh no!
The ball is all mine.
Not so fast.
-What?!
-[grunt]
-[scream]
[ann] Tsubasa
leaps again
and manages to reach
the ball,
but collides with
Kazuo.
Nankatsu's captain nulls
their Skylab Hurricane.
You did it Tsubasa!
-[grunt]
-[scream]
[ann] But Team Hanawa
regains control of the ball.
[Masao]
Hiroshi, pass it here.
Huh?
[reac] Are you sure?
You guys can't do
the Hurricane.
Just do as I tell you.
[ann] Now Masao
has the ball.
[grunt]
[ann] But he's the only
one who can attack.
[Masao]
Now, Kazuo.
[Kazuo]
Brother, don't tell me
you want to try it again.
[Masao]
It's our last opportunity
to beat Nankatsu
once and for all.
We have to do it, Kazuo.
Ready?!
Yeah!
They have another
special move?
[ann] Masao kicks
the ball into the air.
And Kazuo runs directly
towards it.
What are they up to?
We are the best soccer duo
in all of Japan.
And now we'll show it to you
with our special shot.
That's impossible.
-This is our Twin Shot!
[ann]
Incredible!
The Tachibana Twins
- shoot at the same time.
-Uhh... [scream]
[Yuzo]
There's just one ball,
and that ball...
is my friend.
Like a good friend,
I'll receive it
with open arms.
Morisaki!
-[grunt]
-[ann] The ball hits
the goalkeeper
Morisaki's shoulder.
[gasps]
[ann] But the ball is
still spinning towards
the corner of the goal.
-Go inside.
-No!
Dammit all.
If they score now,
we'll be out of
the tournament.
[yelling]
[ann] Izhizaki
from Team Nankatsu
deflects the ball
by putting
his body in danger.
[gasps]
-That's it, Ishizaki!
-[laughs]
That's what I call defense,
buddy!
[groan]
-No!
-Ishizaki!
[ann] Now Tsubasa
has possession of the ball.
Ishizaki...
What are you waiting for,
Tsubasa?
They don't have anyone
defending right now.
Go up the field
and take us to the finals!
[gasp]
That's what I will do.
It's time to counterattack.
We have to go back quickly.
Yeah! Come on!
[ann] Tsubasa
runs at great speed
towards
the opponent's goal.
It's Team Nankatsu's
last play.
-Come on,
-Yeah!
-you can do it, Tsubasa!
-Come on!
Ishizaki sacrificed himself
for this opportunity
-We have to catch up to him.
-Yeah, Brother.
Mamoru!
[ann] Tsubasa
makes a pass
- for Izawa.
-[panting]
And he keeps
running ahead.
Hanawa's defense
is looking shaky,
even if they are set
on stopping him.
Captain!
[ann] Mamoru Izawa
kicks a crossover pass.
And Tsubasa has it.
He's right on front
of the goal.
Will he get closer
to shoot,
or will he try to shoot from
the outside of
the danger zone?
Will he attempt to shoot
the Drive Shot again?
[Tsubasa]
If I miss this shot now...
Ishizaki's sacrifice
will be for nothing.
I have to ignore the pain.
And give it my all!
[ann] Tsubasa decides
not to shoot
and goes inside
the danger zone.
Everything will be
decided here.
Careful, Tsubasa.
What's that boy up to?
-Guys, stop him!
-Don't let him
make the shot.
I have to shake them off me.
-Huh?
-[grunt]
[grunts]
[ann] Tsubasa gets through
two defenders.
He's shaking off
- the defense by himself.
-[gasps]
[grunts]
- I did it.
-[grunt]
- No! Who's that?
-You won't score!
-[grunt]
[ann] But Team Hanawa
won't give up.
They'll fight
tooth and nail
until the end.
No!
[ann] Tsubasa loses
his balance.
Yeah, the ball's mine!
As if I'd ever let you!
Impossible!
[groan]
[wince]
No, my shoulder!
Huh?
It's mine!
[ann] Team Hanawa's
goalkeeper
leaves the goal
to go get the ball.
[pant] We have to protect
the goal, Brother.
Yeah!
I am Team Nankatsu's
captain.
I can't just let some pain
stop me from scoring.
I have to make a goal.
[ann]
The goalkeeper dives,
but Tsubasa slide tackles
and manages to
kick the ball
straight towards
the goal.
-Ah!
-There it is!
-It's not over yet!
Skylab Hurricane!
[scream]
[ann] The twins use
their special move
to protect the goal.
If they manage to block it,
it's gonna be all over.
We won't let you score!
-What happened?
[scream]
[ann] But they weren't
able to reach it
and the ball
hits the net.
Team Nankatsu is winning
by a goal.
[grunt]
I really did it.
[cheering]
Tsubasa,
you're so awesome.
-Yeah!
-Good job, Tsubasa!
He really did it!
Well, yeah,
he better have made that.
I didn't hit my head
for him to miss.
Oh, that boy never
listens to me, does he?
Guess I have no other choice
but to patch him up again.
[grunts]
No! We were so damn close
to winning!
[grunt]
-[sobs]
-[ann] Team Hanawa
is stunned from what
they just witnessed.
[whistle]
And it's done, everyone.
Team Nankatsu wins.
-We won the match, guys!
-[applause]
And now we're on to
the next phase.
-[groan]
-[ann] Team Nankatsu
shows why they're one of
the tournament's favorites.
Once again, we lose.
The Nankatsu is
a very strong team.
Stronger than I gave them
credit for.
[ann] The crowd applauds
and cheers both teams
for their great effort.
Even though
Hanawa lost,
everyone recognizes
their magnificent
resilience.
Ladies and gentlemen,
this match was at
a finals' level
of gameplay.
Effort means nothing
if you don't win.
I'll wait for you
in the finals, Tsubasa.
We'll see who's better
between the two of us now.
Hello, Hyuga.
How are you?
Matsuyama...
[narr] We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[narr]
And we're back.
Infirmary.
[doctor]
Would you look at that...
What did I tell you?
And yet, you still did it.
Foolish little boy.
[laugh]
I'm sorry, doctor.
It's just that
I got carried away.
-[scream] That hurts.
-[grunt]
Oh no, is it hurting a lot?
Captain...
Is it hurting a lot?
Are you okay?
[groaning]
Hey, wait!
Why's everyone worried
about him?
I hit my fragile head
and no one's worried.
You've always been
the strong one.
Why do you want us
to worry?
-I really hate you.
-Aw, come on, don't get mad.
[laughs]
-Huh?
Hello, Tsubasa,
how's your injury doing?
[Hajime]
It's the Tachibana Twins.
Kazuo and Masao.
It was my fault
you're injured,
so I came here
to apologize to you.
Oh, it's fine.
You have nothing
to worry about, pal.
What's important is that
you're okay.
-Oh...
By the way, congratulations
to the vulture
who deflected
our game winning shot.
It was a great dive.
Who are you calling
a vulture?
-[laughs]
-You're so rude to me.
No one respects me.
Win the tournament
on our behalf.
We'll be cheering you on
from the sidelines.
You can count on us.
We'll win
our third championship.
-[laughs]
-[Ryo] Yeah!
[beeping]
By the looks of it,
you were never injured.
I wasn't. The coach just
said that to the media.
So then tell me,
why aren't you on the pitch?
I'm sorry, but um,
that is none of
your concern.
-[drinking]
-Of course it is, Hyuga.
We have a pending issue
to resolve.
Or did you forget about it?
We have a score to settle.
You hit me back when
we were in elementary.
[grunt]
That was a long time ago.
Get over it.
We will be the ones
to take out Nankatsu,
and then it'll be all over
for you and your team,
Hyuga.
You had better be ready
because I'll pummel you
in the finals.
That's all I have to say
to you.
Goodbye.
[smirk]
[Furuoya] Everybody,
get back on the bus.
-Huh?
-Man, that was a good match.
[sigh] Can't wait
to go home, though.
Huh?
Look, it's Hyuga.
-Hyuga?
-Huh?
-[Ryo] Hey, Hyuga!
-[Kojiro] Oh!
-What're you doing
over there?
Didn't you have
a match today?
You shouldn't be
leaving your teammates
by themselves.
Don't you worry.
They don't need me to win
such an easy match
against a weak team.
Hey, Hyuga,
you're not really injured,
are you?
Uh... No.
It's not like I have
an option, Hyuga.
I'll just have to anxiously
wait for the finals
to go up against you.
-Ah!
-[chuckle]
[growl]
[reac] You had better be
in perfect condition
by then, Tsubasa!
Because I will defeat you
no matter what.
[chuckle]
[narr] 16th National
Middle School Tournament.
[whistle]
[ann]
And the referee whistles
the end of the match.
Toho Academy utterly
defeats Team Myoko
by a 3 to nil margin,
and with this,
they pave their way
to the next round.
We did it, Captain.
We did it.
[laughs]
I'm open, Captain.
Oh, Big Brother.
-Hello.
-Good afternoon, Hyuga.
They're your friends,
right, Big Brother?
We were just playing ball
for a bit.
What're you doing here?
Did you come to make
fun of my house, Prince?
What is it?
You didn't play in the match
with your teammates, Hyuga.
Hmm...
I was just talking
with your mother.
Tell me, what's going on
with you?
Are you really trying
to hide something?
-Spill it.
-Misugi,
get straight to the point.
Listen to me well...
You beat us
out on the pitch.
Your responsibility
is to represent
the city of Tokyo
in the national tournament.
And for that reason,
I will not allow you to lose
to a mediocre team
simply because you felt like
not showing up
to a match, Hyuga.
That's unacceptable.
[grunt]
If that's all
you had to say,
you can leave.
-Huh?
-But Big Brother...
[grunt]
Let's get going.
Oh, uh...
Yeah, Captain.
I can clearly tell that
you've gotten stronger.
You're not injured.
You're the only one
who can defeat Tsubasa.
I'll be anxiously waiting
for that great final.
-You take care, okay?
-Mhm.
[grunt]
I don't understand
why everyone
is always set on being
in my business.
[growl]
-Wait, Big Brother!
-Takeru!
Uhh...
Don't let this happen again,
you hear?
[Kojiro]
You'll see.
I'll show everyone...
that I'm the best player
in the tournament.
[narr] And so,
the fifth day of
the National Tournament
arrived
and the next phase
is about to begin.
From Block A,
we have Team Nankatsu,
representing Shizuoka.
And Team Hirado
representing Nagasaki,
Team Minami-Uwa,
representing
Ehime prefecture
and Team Furano
representing Hokkaido.
In Block B,
we have Toho Academy,
representing Tokyo,
Team Chubu
representing Nagano,
Team Meiwa
representing Saitama,
and Team Kanamura
representing Miyazaki.
Huh?
-[Takeshi] Captain Hyuga!
-[Kazuki] Captain!
Hello, Coach.
Today, I'll be sitting
on the bench.
-Ah!
-[chuckle]
I see you're
as stubborn as ever.
Well, you are
a Toho Academy player.
You can hang around here
if you'd like.
But you won't play,
you understand?
-Huh?
You know damn well
you need me
to win this match.
[whistle]
[ann] And there it is,
the end of the match.
Team Meiwa
finally defeats
Team Kanamura,
2 to nothing.
And so, they've earned
their place
as the first semifinalist
of the tournament.
This was
an incredible match.
See you
in the semifinals.
Team Meiwa made it
to the semifinals.
Even without Hyuga,
they're still
a very strong team.
Exactly.
It'll be interesting to see
which are the 24
most value players.
I'll choose
the best 24 players
from this tournament,
and give them
an intensive training.
And then...
I'll send them to Europe,
so they can prove
their skills in soccer.
Now let me see your foot.
-Huh?
-Tsubasa...
Don't you dare
play dumb with me.
You can't fool this old man.
I know your foot is injured.
Doctor, I swear it's fine.
Stop being stubborn
and let me see it.
What's this?
I see you already had it
wrapped, young man.
I told you.
And...
it's a superb wrapping
at that.
Tell me,
was it your dear manager
or someone else?
Um...
I think it was...
What do you mean
you think, young man?
[chuckle]
-That hurt!
-Don't be a shy guy
and enjoy your youth
while you still have it,
you fool!
-[cheering]
-Yeah, man,
I know they can do it.
Now it's the match between
Team Chubu and Toho.
[Hiroshi]
Yukari, how're you doing?
-Huh?
-Hiroshi?
It's Jito from Team Hirado.
I'm glad to see
you skated by
with a win in the end,
Team Nankatsu.
-Uhh...
-Hey, what the hell are you
talking about, cousin?
You only won your matches
by a one goal difference.
Oh, Yukari,
that doesn't really matter.
-[laugh]
-Eep!
The only reason
we're here
is to defeat Team Nankatsu.
Everyone else
doesn't matter.
-Ah!
-How cocky of you.
I'm truly sorry,
but your winning streak
will be over against us.
Your legend will vanish
in the semifinals.
When you play against us,
we'll pummel you senseless
on the pitch.
Yeah!
-What did you say?!
[Tsubasa] Well, we'll have
to see about that.
-Huh?
[Tsubasa]
[chuckle]
[gasp]
[Ryo]
Tsubasa.
Oh, hey.
Here's your captain,
Nankatsu's general:
Tsubasa Ozora.
It'll be an honor
to face someone
of your caliber.
My name's Hiroshi Jito,
captain of Team Hirado.
It's a pleasure.
The pleasure's all mine.
[groaning]
Uhh...
Well, I'm hoping for
a good match, Captain.
[grunt]
Uh...
[smirk]
-Oh!
-Huh?
It's Hyuga.
But why's he on the pitch?
I thought he--
Hyuga made it.
[smirk]
It's Kojiro Hyuga...
I can't believe it.
-This just got interesting.
-Wow!
Now their team's
finally complete.
Keep it up.
Captain.
[grunt]
[Kojiro] I don't need to
play in this match.
But that doesn't matter.
They know they can't win
the final match without me.
For now,
I need to have discipline.
I won't cause any problems.
I just have to trust
my teammates,
but I guess I can
help them a bit.
And when we get to
the finals,
they'll know
my true strength.
[gasps]
What a powerful kick.
His strength's grown
since last year.
Just like I imagined,
Hyuga was never injured.
[Kojiro]
I will be the one...
to win this tournament.